Hello princess.
All of Ichigai's luxury homes
All are controlled by voice control system.
Didn't even know that.
Never been.
In the end, is it true or false?
Is this villa yours?
Don't listen to him.
He just wants to cause discord between us.
Wait for me.
I called the property manager here.
I asked him to testify for me.
Hurry up here.
Someone caused trouble.
Waiting for my property manager to arrive.
Just wait to be fired.
Call now.
I will ask him.
Why is my house your street?
Who dares to cause trouble in the refrigerator?
Don't want to live anymore?
They broke into people's houses.
Get them out of here.
What are you?
Dare to give orders here.
General Director Luc is the owner of this villa.
Take him out immediately.
You let me go, do you know who I am?
Oh, stop!